docs: add encrypted endpoints key agreement (#2067)
astarte-platform/astarte: doc/pages/architecture/080-mqtt-v1-protocol.md

Reviewer: this should be updated?

Reviewer 2: Maybe better to put here a <realm name>/<device id>/control/keyAgreement/* wildcard valid for all the (up to now) 5 sub-topics  and describe them in details in a dedicated section?

| `<realm name>/<device id>/control/emptyCache`          | Empty Cache      | Device       | 2       | ASCII plain text (always "1")           |
| `<realm name>/<device id>/control/consumer/properties` | Purge Properties | Astarte      | 2       | deflated plain text                     |
| `<realm name>/<device id>/control/producer/properties` | Purge Properties | Device       | 2       | deflated plain text                     |

> | `<realm name>/<device id>/control/keyAgreement/*`      | Key Agreement    | Both         | 2       | CBOR                                    |

Reviewer: `*` is never used and does not add any context
how about `<message id>` instead? it's similar to the already present `<device id>` and a reader is at least aware that what comes after is the id of the message. I'd also make an explicit link to the `MQTT Topics` section of the key agreement protocol

## Key Agreement

Key Agreement allows a device and Astarte to establish a shared symmetric key, so that data
published on "encrypted" endpoints never travels or gets stored in plaintext. The handshake uses the

> `control/keyAgreement` topic (and its numeric sub-topics) introduced above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
published on "encrypted" endpoints never travels or gets stored in plaintext. The handshake uses the
`control/keyAgreement` sub-topics introduced above.
```

(introduced above where?)

The full handshake protocol, its CBOR/COSE message formats and the cryptographic primitives involved
are described in [Key Agreement and Encrypted Endpoints](082-key_agreement_protocol.html).

> **Note:** Key Agreement is a recent addition to Astarte MQTT v1 and is still evolving. Refer to the

> > linked page for its current implementation status.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed, we won't release the new doc until the feature is complete either way
